Add a page on REST API rate limits (#2550)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/rest_api/limits.md

# REST API rate limits
To ensure stability and prevent excessive or abusive calls to the server, Buildkite imposes a limit on the number of REST API requests that can be made within a minute. These limits apply to the Pipelines REST API as well as the Analytics REST API

## Rate limits
Buildkite imposes a rate limit of 200 requests per minute for each organization. This is the cumulative limit of all API requests made by users in an organization.

## Checking rate limit details
The rate limit status is available in the following response headers of each API call.

- `RateLimit-Remaining` - The remaining requests that can be made within the current time window
- `RateLimit-Limit` - The current rate limit imposed on your organization.
- `RateLimit-Reset` - The number of seconds remaining until a new time window is started and limits are reset.

For example

```js
RateLimit-Remaining: 180
RateLimit-Limit: 200
RateLimit-Reset: 42
```

## Exceeding the rate limit

> Once the rate limit is exceeded, subsequent API requests will return a 429 HTTP status code, and the `RateLimit-Remaining` header will be 0. You should not make any further requests until the `RateLimit-Reset` specifies a new availability window.

Reviewer: suggestion: You will also receive a `"RateLimit-Warning"` header informing you that the limit has been exceeded?

Author: Once we start rate limiting, I think that can be removed - The warning is only useful if we're not actually enforcing it. The 429 error itself would indicate rate limiting and the warning isn't our standard rate limiting header

## Best practices to avoid rate limits

> To ensure the smooth functioning and efficient use of an API, it is recommended to design your client application with some best practices in mind. Some key considerations to keep in mind when using an API include the following:

Reviewer: suggestion: rather than repeating "in mind" twice, maybe:
`...it is recommended to design your client application with some best practices in mind. Please consider the following:`

Reviewer 2: "yes, and" let's own that the recommendation comes from us and cut it down a bit:

```suggestion
To ensure the smooth functioning and efficient use of the API, we recommend you design your client application with the following best practices in mind:
```

- Implement appropriate pagination techniques when querying data.
- Use caching strategies to avoid excessive calls to the Buildkite API.

> - Regulate the rate of your requests to ensure smoother distribution, by using strategies such as queues or scheduling API calls at appropriate intervals.

Reviewer 2: Unnecessary comma:

```suggestion
- Regulate the rate of your requests to ensure smoother distribution by using strategies such as queues or scheduling API calls at appropriate intervals.
```

> - Utilize metadata about your API usage, including rate limit status, to manage behaviour dynamically.

Reviewer 2: Us English:

```suggestion
- Utilize metadata about your API usage, including rate limit status, to manage behavior dynamically.
```

> - Rate limiting is imposed across an organization. Ensure all users making requests across the organization are accounted for with rate limiting.

Reviewer 2: This point isn't parallel with the others. I think it would be best to start each with a verb. Maybe:

```suggestion
- Ensure you consider all users making requests across your organization in your rate-limiting solution.
```

> - It is important to be aware of `retries`, `errors`, and `loops` when designing your application, as they can easily accumulate and use up allocated quotas.

Reviewer 2: Like with the previous one:

```suggestion
- Be aware of retries, errors, and loops when designing your application, as they can easily accumulate and use up allocated quotas.
```

# REST API rate limits

> To ensure stability and prevent excessive or abusive calls to the server, Buildkite imposes a limit on the number of REST API requests that can be made within a minute. These limits apply to the Pipelines REST API as well as the Analytics REST API

Reviewer 2: Missing period:

```suggestion
To ensure stability and prevent excessive or abusive calls to the server, Buildkite imposes a limit on the number of REST API requests that can be made within a minute. These limits apply to the Pipelines REST API as well as the Analytics REST API.
```
